nfd-worker: Add an option to disable setting the owner references (#1860)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/reference/worker-commandline-reference.md

nfd-worker -no-publish
```

### -no-owner-refs

> The `-no-owner-refs` flag disables setting the owner references to Pod
> for NodeFeature object.

Reviewer: nit: sync the description with the configuration reference

```suggestion
The `-no-owner-refs` flag disables setting the owner references
of the NodeFeature object created by the nfd-worker.
```
